Rewrite user manual (#4752)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: docs/source/user-manual/navigation/objects.rst

Objects
=======

Objects overview
----------------
The Objects page lists all the objects in Octopoes. Objects can be anything, like DNS records, hostnames, URLs, software, software versions, ports, etc.
It is any piece of information that is found by the normalizers, bits and boefjes. On a new installation you'll see the following objects by default:

.. image:: img/objects-clean-install.png
  :alt: Overview of default objects

The table gives an overview on the following items:

- **Object:** this is the piece of data that was identified, such as a port, software version, hostname, etc.
- **Object type:** this shows how this object is labelled.
- **Clearance level:** this shows the clearance level of this object. See :doc:`../basic-concepts/scan-levels-and-indemnification` for more information.
- **Clearance type:** this shows what kind of clearance level is set on the object. See :doc:`../basic-concepts/objects-and-recursion` for more information.

> The objects can be filtered by object types, clearance levels and clearance types. The search functionality can also be used to search for specific objects, such as hostnames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The objects can be filtered by object type, clearance level and clearance type. The search functionality can also be used to search for specific objects, such as hostnames.
```
